README.md, before:

# rust-auth-service

A production-ready authentication service built with Rust, featuring JWT tokens, two-factor authentication, and comprehensive testing infrastructure.

## Setup & Building

```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
cd app-service
cargo build
cd ..
cd auth-service
cargo build
cd ..
```

## Run servers locally (Manually)

#### App service

```bash
cd app-service
cargo watch -q -c -w src/ -w assets/ -w templates/ -x run
```

visit http://localhost:8000

#### Auth service

```bash
cd auth-service
cargo watch -q -c -w src/ -w assets/ -x run
```

visit http://localhost:3000

## Run servers locally (Docker)

```bash
# For local development (HTTP only, no SSL certificates)
./docker.sh
```

This uses `compose.local.yml` to override production settings:
- Builds from local source code instead of Docker Hub images
- Runs nginx on HTTP only (port 80) without SSL
- Services accessible at:
  - http://localhost/ (app via nginx)
  - http://localhost/auth/ (auth service via nginx)
  - http://localhost:8000 (app direct)
  - http://localhost:3000 (auth direct)

## HTTPS Setup

**Prerequisites:** Ensure rust-acc.duckdns.org points to your server IP (64.227.24.69)

```bash
# Initialize SSL certificates with Let's Encrypt
./init-letsencrypt.sh

# Start production services with HTTPS
docker compose up -d
```

## Production

**HTTP (current):** http://64.227.24.69:8000/ and http://64.227.24.69:3000  
**HTTPS:**

- App service: https://rust-acc.duckdns.org/app
- Auth service: https://rust-acc.duckdns.org/auth
- Root (app): https://rust-acc.duckdns.org

Commit message:

refactor: update Docker Compose configuration to use DOMAIN variable for service URLs and CORS settings, enhancing local development consistency

README.md, after:

# rust-auth-service

A production-ready authentication service built with Rust, featuring JWT tokens, two-factor authentication, and comprehensive testing infrastructure.

## Setup & Building

```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
cd app-service
cargo build
cd ..
cd auth-service
cargo build
cd ..
```

## Run servers locally (Manually)

#### App service

```bash
cd app-service
cargo watch -q -c -w src/ -w assets/ -w templates/ -x run
```

visit http://localhost:8000

#### Auth service

```bash
cd auth-service
cargo watch -q -c -w src/ -w assets/ -x run
```

visit http://localhost:3000

## Run servers locally (Docker)

```bash
# For local development (HTTP only, no SSL certificates)
./docker.sh
```

This uses `compose.local.yml` to override production settings:
- Builds from local source code instead of Docker Hub images
- Runs nginx on HTTP only (port 80) without SSL
- Uses `DOMAIN=http://localhost` for local development
- Services only accessible through nginx (same as production):
  - http://localhost/ (app via nginx)
  - http://localhost/auth/ (auth service via nginx)
  - Direct ports 8000/3000 are NOT exposed for security consistency

## HTTPS Setup

**Prerequisites:** Ensure rust-acc.duckdns.org points to your server IP (64.227.24.69)

```bash
# Initialize SSL certificates with Let's Encrypt
./init-letsencrypt.sh

# Start production services with HTTPS
docker compose up -d
```

## Production

Production uses the `DOMAIN` environment variable (set in GitHub repository variables) to configure both the application URLs and CORS settings.

**HTTPS (via nginx proxy):**
- Root (app): https://rust-acc.duckdns.org/
- App service: https://rust-acc.duckdns.org/app/
- Auth service: https://rust-acc.duckdns.org/auth/

**Environment Configuration:**
- `DOMAIN`: Set to `https://rust-acc.duckdns.org` in GitHub repository variables
- This single variable configures both frontend URLs and CORS allowed origins
